Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, go

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (Haha)
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (Hey)
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (Haha)

Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again, another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead
 
For real, for real this time
For real, for real, for real this time
Bitch, I cannot fall short
For real, for real, for real this time (Uh, yeah)
For real, for real, for real this time

'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake
Riding around, your love be shakin’ me up
And it's making my heart break
'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake (Earthquake, ooh)
Riding around, your love be shakin’ me up
And it's making my heart break

Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault (Girl)
’Cause when it all comes crashing down I’ll need you

'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake
Riding around, you’re telling me something is bad
And it's making my heart break
'Cause you make my earth quake, oh, you make my earth quake
(Earth quake, yeah)
Riding around, your love be shakin' me up
And it’s making my heart break (You already know)

We ain't gotta ball, D. Rose, huh
I don't give a fuck 'bout none', huh
Breathin' like fuck my lungs, huh
Just might call my lawyer, huh
Plug gon' set me up, huh (Yeah)
Bih', don't set me up (Okay)
I'm with Tyler, yuh (Slime)
He ride like the car, huh
And she wicked, huh, yuh
Like Woah Vicky, huh, yeah (Like Woah Vicky)
Oh, my God, hold up, um
These diamonds not Tiffany, huh, yeah (Woah, woah)
So in love (I been so in love)
So in love (I been so in love)

Don't leave, it's my fault (Fault)
Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault (Igor, ayy)
'Cause when it all comes crashing down I'll need you (Ayy, ayy)

'Cause you make my earth quake
I don't want no confrontation, no
And you don't want my conversation (I don't want no conversation)
I just need some confirmation on how you feel, for real (For real)
You don't want no complication, no
I don't want no side information (I don't want no side information)
I just need to know what's happening
'Cause I'm for real (For real)

I said don't leave, it's my fault (One)
I said don't leave, it's my fault (Two, two)
Don't leave, it's, it's my fault, girl (Three, three, three)
Don't, do-do-do-do-do, I'll need—
 
Okay, okay, okay, we do a little bit of trolling

You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state
Any time I count sheep
That's the only time we make up, make up
You exist behind my eyelids, my eyelids
Now, I don't wanna wake up

20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, Cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes  (Uh-huh)

Can I get a kiss?
And can you make it last forever?
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (Uh-huh)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (I'm 'bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Ugh, switch it up

I said, okay, okay, okay, okey-dokey, my infatuation
Is translating to another form of what you call it? (Love)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I ain't met you, I've been looking
Stop the waiting 'fore I stop the chasing, like an alcoholic
"You don't understand me"—what the fuck do you mean?
It's them rose-tinted cheeks, yeah, it's them dirt-colored eyes
Sugar-honey iced tea, bumblebee on the scene
Yeah, I'd give up my bakery to have a piece of your pie
Ugh!

20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
So...

Can I get a kiss? (Can I get a kiss?)
And can you make it last forever? (Make it last forever)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to go to war)
I don't know if I'ma see you again (See you again)
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again

Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la la)
One more time?
 
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
'Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves
Shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty-four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
'Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts, fuck
I love you
Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow?
Yeah, that's good

I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest can make me the saddest
Look Alice, let's get lost in your wonder-er-land, fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathin'
And you'll see the meaning of stalkin'
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seein' with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evenin'
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
'Cause when I hear your name, I cannot stop cheesin'
I love you so much that my heart stops beatin' when you're leavin'
And I'm grievin' and my heart starts bleedin'
Life without you has no goddamn meanin'
Sorry, I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I fall for you, but I love you

I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it tonight
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling bitch, let's try to catch it tonight

C'mon baby, even though I hate you, I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (Fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him, haha (Look)
(Look, I wanna strangle you, 'til you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"
 
Golden rubbers in these denim pockets (Denim pockets)
On my waist, there's a black Glock (Black Glock)
New girl moved on the block (On the block)
She been plottin' on my brown cock (Brown cock)
Last night I slept over hers (Over hers)
During sex, I overheard (I overheard)
A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na
Rolled off the bed, then shot back, pow-pow
Blood on the sheets, probably spillin' from my gash
Looked out the glass, seen him sprintin' on the grass
A real ninja, with the blade and the mask
Had them gold ninja stars, and red Supreme nunchuks
Now she tryna patch me up, but
Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust
If that's your ex, you should probably own a pistol
But I'm guessin' it's wiser to exit with dude

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga with intentions that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one (Nope)
But I give two for us 'cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top, I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn from Adventure Time

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
He's at your window

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous
 
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)

Aw, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold-out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)

Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the nightline
Work line
Dial nine

Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911...


I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely

They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (That's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely (Woo)
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony (Woo)
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
My heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh (Hahaha)
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (Skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void (Void)
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (Ohh, woo)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes (Nah)
Like a vasectomy, what have I done? (Ohh)
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (Who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (Who)
The loneliest of them all (Me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit (-Posit)
Check in on me sometime (Okay)
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

Ohh!
Ohh Shit!
Fuck!
Ohh!
Shit!
Ohh!
Damn! Damn!
 
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is?
Him that ni-gga, I swear
Stand out guy, him don't need no chair
Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here
I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just
Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist
You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet
And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit
Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin
Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt
The boy drips swag like a broken faucet
It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit
That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston
Won't stop 'til the cops surround him
One nigga jiggy and the other awesome
With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him
It's Young T

Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that?
Nigga, who dem boys?

Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is?
Who else step in this bitch this jig?
Who else your bitch say got a bick this big?
Who else came through with a wrist this flick?
Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance
Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass
Never seen a nigga in this much Raf
Still doin' math when I miss my class
Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine
Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince
Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman
Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time
Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass
Senior citizen, don't forget my pass
Been that nigga and you knew that there
Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?

Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?

Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet
From my other fuckin' business ventures
These niggas these days
Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah)
Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas
He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive
(Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention
WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas
Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío
I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo
My mom say she worried because I'm so ill
I should stay in bed, but got too much bread
To make, she said watch my weight
So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals
Get out of my way güey, boy, that's McLaren
That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone

Oh, fuck
 
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world-famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

Watch me get this money, nigga; tired of being hungry, nigga
Nothing funny, sass me while I'm thrashing, I'ma punch a nigga
Never made of plastic, I'm a savage -- you look lunch, my nigga
Passing all you hating fucking fags we don't discuss, my nigga
We ain't on no jolly shit and we don't pop no Mollies, bitch
I'm hocking, spitting got some niggas out here popping Ollie switch
Buncha novices, Odd Future the squad is thick
Them young niggas is back and brash, attacking with no common sense
We the last of a dying breed
And we don't give a fuck, so we cannot supply your needs
You stupid niggas who had said our hype is dying, please
My pockets solid, making profit off the highest tees
Bitch, merch twerk as I get on the verse, cursing
Nigga Dom so cool, I refer him in third person
Watch me get this money, I'm up when the birds chirping
Make actions, fuck rehearsing

Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine
Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, 'cause I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Posers looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the .9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch

Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine
Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

This shit just like the nights I look forward to not remembering
So much for being sober, I hope that you can forgive me
But Momma, I'm close to the edge as possible (Why don't you jump, you fucking pussy?)
All I’m seeing is the drop in my ocular, jumping like they told me
That the 40's half off, like you know that cliff
Don't need a therapist to tell him he could float that shit (Fucking faggot)
Or get compared to fucking pair with all the program kids
So maybe a pair of pale bitches for the gonads lick (I'll show you)
Malt liquor filling me up, and all us not giving no fucks and
All of them sensitive chumps in awe when that pistol erupts (Pistol, I got one!)
Dirty one spitting that sumpy raw till his wrists in the cuffs
Brother the Pigeons is us
Bid you goodnight and good luck
(Oh, shut the fuck up!)
(Gunshot)

Samuel's here! Where's Wolf? Fucking faggot. Salem was mine, bitch! Was that good enough, you fucking pussy?
 
La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang!)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us (Bitch!)
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead, I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper, nor a rapist, nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the Asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours (Umbrella)
I hate this, screaming, "Fuck patience!"
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest, fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler, The Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yeah (Wolf Gang)
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga’s sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?
 
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet (No homo, too soon)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Cut it out!
I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce
I don’t want that shit
I don’t want your goddamn lettuce 